# Custom-Promotion-Campaign-System

This project is designed to generate promotional content for real estate properties based on property details and targeted audience information.
The system design uses RAG approach and mistral api to generate compelling marketing pitches.

Public URL link to get the response:
  Link: "https://fe44-2401-4900-1cd1-bfa6-3816-9305-5d68-a928.ngrok-free.app/property"
  
# File Structure:

  ├── src\
  │ ├── Custom_promotion\
  │ │ ├── custom_promotion.py\
  │ │ ├── property_details_10.csv\
  │ │ └── csv_to_document.pkl\
  │ └── main.py\
  ├── .env\
  ├── request_promotion.py\
  ├── requirements.txt\
  └── README.md

# custom_promotion.py:
  This file has the following steps:

> # Step 1: Data ingestion:
  The main objective of this step is to load the property details data from csv file for converting and storing as a vector for RAG approach.
  This function checks if a pickle file exists for cached data. If it does, it loads the data from the pickle file; otherwise, it loads the data from the CSV file     
  and processes it, saves it as a pickle file, and returns the loaded data.

  For property detail data Zillow api have been used
  
> # Step 2: Generating prompt:
  Function constructs a marketing pitch prompt using a template and variable mappings, substituting placeholders with actual property details and the target audience.
  
> # Step 3: Call LLM API:
  This steps implements RAG approach with mistral api. The function initializes MistralAI and MistralAIEmbedding objects, creates a VectorStoreIndex from documents,            creates a query engine, formats the prompt as a query, queries the engine, and returns the response.

# main.py:
  The purpose of this file is to use FASTAPI to get and post the response generated by the llm. It provides an HTTP endpoint (/property) that accepts POST requests with JSON 
  data containing property details and targeted audience information. The function processes this input data, extracts the property details and targeted audience, generates 
  a promotion using the get_promotion function from the Custom_promotion module, and returns the generated promotion as a response.

# request_promotion.py:
  Ngrok: Ngrok allows us to create a secured tunnel from a public URL to your local machine, providing a way to expose servers to the internet. 
  The public URL that is generated through Ngrok is defined and called in request_promotion.py using requests which will get the response from the llm.

# Instructions for running the project:
> Step 1: Navigate to 'scr' in the project folder. Run the command 'uvicorn main:app'.

> Step 2: Install the Ngrok for Windows. Create an authentication api key fron Ngrok. Authenticate with Ngrok key in the terminal in your local machine. Run the command 'ngrok http port_number'

> Step 3: The Ngrok terminal window will have a public url which can be used to access the generated response from llm.

> Step 4: Once obtaining the public URL run 'Python request_promotion.py' in another terminal

> Step 5: Every time, we close and re-run the ngrok terminal, the public URL will be changing which in turn needs to change in the place where can request the data.

# Dependencies:
  1.langchain
  
  2.llama_index
  
  3.Fastapi
  
  4.Mistral

  5.Ngrok

  6.Requests
  
  7.logging
